erna_solberg:RT @jensfh: Utenriksminister #EriksenSoreide fordømmer maktbruken fra venezuelanske regulære og irregulære styrker mot personer som forsøke…-,-Det ble spennende helt til målstreken! Gratulerer med gullmedaljen på 10 kilometeren, Therese Johaug – og gratulerer til Ingvild Flugstad Østberg med bronse! #seefeld2019 @skiforbundet-,-@ahjapb 👍🏼-,-NordiskBaltisk partiledermøte i Helsinki med fokus på Sikkerhet,  forsvar mot Hybrid krigføring og Brexit. https://t.co/jTbojtBFOr-,-Congratulations @NoShamePeriod for winning an Oscar for best documentary short! You say it perfectly: “A period should end a sentence, not a girl’s education”. I could not agree more. #Oscars-,-@KFjaera @emilivers @JohannesHKlaebo @Skiforbundet Takk-,-Enda et gull! Gratulerer med seier på lagsprinten, @emilivers og @JohannesHKlaebo! #seefeld @skiforbundet-,-Gratulerer @sjurrothe med VMgull! Og Martin Johnsen Sundby med bronse . Fantastisk start på VM @Skiforbundet #seefeldt2019-,-Gratulerer med overbevisende seier  på VMs 15 km, Therese Johaug, et vel fortjent gull til Therese og sølv til Ingvild Flugstad Østberg. For noen damer @Skiforbundet !-,-Det var spørsmål om tid før @JohannesHKlaebo ble verdensmester! Gratulerer så mye med suveren sprintseier. Sees neste helg! 🎉 #seefeld2019-,-Gratulerer så mye til Maiken Caspersen Falla med VM-gull i sprint! Og flott bronse til Mari Eide. Takk for en fantastisk start på mesterskapet! 🥇🥉#seefeld2019-,-RT @kristinclemet: Motstemmer er ikke alltid så populære på Twitter, men jeg syns denne er litt interessant: De viktigste forskjellene i sk…-,-Gratulerer til Henrik Kristoffersen med fantastisk VM-gull i storslalåm. Nydelig innsats i Åre!-,-RT @dagiulstein: Education is key to #EndChildMarriage, prevent unwanted pregnancies &amp; improved quality of life. 
Education is a main prio…-,-@hfrendal @DagfinnOdd Mistenker at du ikke er alderspensjonist-,-@OddrunMerete @MortenStrm3 ? Alle minstepensjonister har fått denne ekstrareguleringen.-,-@DagfinnOdd Nei,  med løftet i budsjettet for i år blir det 1000 kroner mer i måneden utover grunnreguleringen.-,-@MortenStrm3 Vi har de siste 3 årene totalt økt minstepensjonen med 12000 kroner.-,-En av de største norske alpinistene gjennom tidene takker for seg. Gratulerer med en fantastisk karriere, @akselsvindal. Tusen takk for all spenning og alt vi har fått feire sammen med deg! 🎉 https://t.co/BaFihXIwnc-,-Gratulerer med VMgull @sverrelpedersen flott start på VM . Lykke til videre til deg og resten av laget!-,-
realDonaldTrump:Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!-,-Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!-,-I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!-,-RT @IvankaTrump: No I did not. I support a minimum wage. I do not however believe in a minimum guarantee for people “unwilling to work” whi…-,-RT @realDonaldTrump: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat positi…-,-RT @realDonaldTrump: ....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we sho…-,-The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?-,-Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!-,-Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!-,-....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.-,-Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....-,-If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!-,-Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!-,-China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?-,-...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!-,-...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.
We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...-,-It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...-,-Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!-,-Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!-,-“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco-,-
