The ultimate source of a happy life is warmheartedness. Even animals display some sense of compassion. When it comes to human beings, compassion can be combined with intelligence. Through the application of reason, compassion can be extended to all 7 billion human beings. 
Cooperation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kindheartedness. Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there’s no room for cheating, bullying, or exploitation; instead, you can be honest, truthful and transparent in your conduct 
In working for the good of humanity I don't think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world, because we all survive in dependence on others. 
We may sometimes feel that we can’t do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can influence our communities and our communities can influence our nations. 
Peace is not just the mere absence of violence or disturbance. It's when there is a possibility of conflict, but you deliberately avoid violence and adopt methods to solve the problem through peaceful means. That is real peace. 
Women have been shown to be more sensitive to others' suffering, whereas, warriors celebrated for killing their opponents are almost always men. We need to see more women in leadership roles and more closely involved in education about compassion. #InternationalWomensDay 
When we’re under the sway of anger or attachment, we’re limited in our ability to take a full and realistic view of the situation. When the mind is compassionate, it is calm and we’re able to use our sense of reason practically, realistically, and with determination. 
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others. 
HHDL on "Why Leaders Should Be Mindful, Selfless, and Compassionate" published in the Harvard Business Review on February 20th. 
We won’t bring about peace in the world merely by praying for it; we have to take steps to tackle the violence and corruption that disrupt peace. We can’t expect change if we don’t take action. 
The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often quite well-educated, so it is not just education that we need. What we need is to pay attention to inner values. 
I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment. 
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all. 
How to Train Our Mind - HHDL explains how to train our mind to tackle destructive emotions in this short video clip from his meeting with a group from India at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on February 11, 2019. 
The first drawback of anger is that it destroys our inner peace; the second is that it distorts our view of reality. If we think about this and come to understand that anger is really unhelpful, that it is only destructive, we can begin to distance ourselves from anger. 
Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others' well-being. On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so. 
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. 
All the positive states of mind such as love, compassion, insight and so on, have the quality that you can enhance their capacity and increase their potential to a limitless degree, if you regularly practice them through training and by developing constant familiarity with them. 
We should practise by showing affection and helping one another. It is a mistake to pursue happiness and to seek to the avoid suffering by deceiving and humiliating other people. We must try to achieve happiness and eliminate suffering by being considerate and good-hearted. 
Our visit to this planet is short, so we should use our time meaningfully, which we can do by helping others wherever possible. And if we cannot help others, at least we should try not to create pain and suffering for them. 
True compassion isn’t just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason. Therefore, our compassion for others doesn’t change even if they behave negatively. Our sense of responsibility for others gives rise to a wish to help them actively overcome their problems. 
Modern education is premised strongly on materialistic values. It is vital that when educating our children’s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts, a key element of which has to be the nurturing of our compassionate nature. 
Compassion is something really worthwhile. It is not just a religious or spiritual subject, not a matter of ideology. It is not a luxury, it is a necessity. 
A source of trouble is our unruly minds. We can counter that by developing a warm heart. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy. 
If love is defined as a wish that others be happy and compassion as the wish that they be free from suffering, and you cultivate love and compassion within yourself, it will ensure happiness, good health and peace of mind. 
All things originate in the mind. Actions and events depend heavily on motivation. Appreciation of humanity, compassion and love are key points. If we develop a good heart, whether our field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is so crucial, they’ll all improve. 
When you care for others, you manifest an inner strength despite any difficulties you face. Your own problems will seem less significant and bothersome to you. Reaching beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain confidence, courage and a greater sense of calm. 
Negative thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. In fact, when we think properly, it is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions. 
It’s good to remember that other human beings are like us. We are born the same way; we die the same way. While we’re alive it’s better to be able to trust each other as friends. We earn other people’s trust when we show a genuine concern for their well-being. 
Love, kindness, compassion and tolerance are qualities common to all the great religions, and whether or not we follow any particular religious tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone. 
For some people the idea of compassion entails a complete disregard for or even a sacrifice of their own interests. This is not the case. In fact, we first of all have to have a wish to be happy ourselves – if we don’t love ourselves like that, how can we love others? 
"Climate change is not the concern of just one or two nations. It is an issue that affects the whole of humanity and every living being on this earth." (From HHDL's Message to Delegates to the COP24 UN Climate Conference 
Everybody appreciates kindness, but unfortunately our modern education system, with its materialistic goals, doesn’t have much room for inner values. We need to make people more aware of such inner values on the basis of scientific findings, common sense and common experience. 
We need friends and friendship is based on trust. To earn trust, money and power aren’t enough; you have to show some concern for others. You can’t buy trust in the supermarket. 
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness. 
Human beings are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection—anger drives us apart. Just as we employ physical hygiene to protect our health, we need emotional hygiene, the means to tackle our destructive emotions, if we are to achieve peace of mind. 
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect. We do have differences of race, nationality, religious faith and so on, but these differences are secondary in comparison to our equality in being human. 
The quality of what we do depends on our motivation, which is why we have to learn how to cultivate a compassionate mind. 
Anger can be reduced if we work to cultivate love and affection. However, we first have to come to terms with whatever benefits or disadvantages anger may bring. Primarily, anger destroys our peace of mind; loving-kindness earns us friends and eliminates the risk of being alone. 
Be honest, truthful, and altruistic. If you concern yourself with taking care of others, there’ll be no room for lies, bullying and cheating. If you’re truthful you can live transparently, which will enable you to establish trust, the basis for making friends. 
We need to be determined to achieve positive change, and also be able to take a long view of what needs to be done. What is important is not to become demoralized. Optimism leads to success; pessimism leads to defeat. One person can be the source of inspiration for many others. 
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but what needs to be acknowledged is that that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view. 
I don’t think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world. Remember, we all survive in dependence on others. 
Because motivation pervades all action, it is important that we have a positive motivation. Whatever we are involved in, whether it's politics, education, medicine, law, engineering, science, business or industry, the nature of our motivation determines the character of our work. 
As social animals we need friends, but we make friends on the basis of trust, which comes about as a result of affection and concern for others. You can’t buy trust or acquire it by use of force. Its source is warm-heartedness. 
A Healthy Mind for a Healthy Body - HHDL speaks about the importance of peace of mind at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on October 17, 2018. 
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual, and from there it can expand to one's family, to one's neighborhood, to one's community and so on. 
Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations. Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture. 
Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind. Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions. 
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. Despite all the characteristics that differentiate us - race, language, religion, gender, wealth and many others - we are all equal in terms of our basic humanity. 
We seek happiness in external things without realizing that they don’t help when we have problems within. We need to focus instead on the joy that comes with peace of mind that allows us to remain happy whatever happens. 
For many people, the only tangible value is money. And of course money has its place, but the value of cultivating a compassionate attitude is much more effective. When we only pay attention to material values, there’s little room for concern for others, or for mutual regard. 
Leaving aside the perspective of spiritual practice, even in worldly terms, in terms of our enjoying a happy day-to-day existence, the calmer our minds are, the greater our peace of mind will be and the greater will be our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life. 
Problems will always arise, but we need to address them differently. We need to engage in dialogue to resolve them rather than resorting to the use of force. #PeaceDayChallenge 
We are intelligent, we have seed of compassion from birth. Using reason and intelligence we can enhance our sense of compassion and come to understand how its opposite, anger, is harmful. 
HHDL looking at Tilly Lockey's prosthetic hands during the discussion on ‘Robotics and Telepresence’ at De Nieuwe Kerk in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 15, 2018. (Photo by Olivier Adam) 
In the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. Each one of us has a responsibility to help guide our global family in the right direction. Good wishes are not sufficient; we must become actively engaged. 
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all. 
In our modern society everything seems geared to material development, even our systems of education. As a result we no longer pay sufficient attention to our inner values, which leads to mental unrest. In order to address this imbalance we need to pay more attention to our minds 
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us. Therefore it’s important to promote the idea of the oneness of humanity, that in being human we are all the same. 
The first of my personal commitments is to work to increase human happiness by encouraging the cultivation of inner values and a sense of concern for others’ well being. These are the key factors whether one is a religious person or not. 
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion. 
As a human being I’m aware that we are all physically, mentally and emotionally the same and we all want to live a happy life. Scientists say our basic nature is compassionate. It’s clear that love and affection bring people together. 
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it’s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live. 
I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We weren’t born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit. 
We can achieve peace of mind if we tackle our destructive emotions, so the goal of making the 21st century an era of peace and compassion is feasible. It will involve finding solutions to problems in dialogue, not the use of force. 
We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory. 
Human beings are social animals and it is love that brings us together, while anger drives us apart. To live more peacefully and joyfully in our day to day lives, we need a warm heart. 
Making others happy is not a question of sacrificing our own happiness. Trying to make others happy, even when we do not always succeed, is a source of great satisfaction. Anger and hatred are signs of weakness, while compassion is a sure sign of strength. 
Many of the problems we face today are our own creation. Creating a more peaceful world requires a peaceful mind and a peaceful heart. As human brothers and sisters we must live together in tolerance and affection. 
As human beings we need to assess whether anger has any value - it destroys our peace of mind. Compassion, on the other hand, brings optimism and hope. 
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others. 
When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of anxiety or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced. We experience a liberation from our habitual preoccupation with self and paradoxically, this gives rise to strong feelings of confidence. 
Inner transformation is not a matter of faith or prayer. It involves reason and the use of human intelligence. A calm and healthy mind has a very positive effect on our physical health and well-being. 
Ethics are not a collection of commandments and prohibitions to abide by, but a natural inner offering that can bring happiness and satisfaction to ourselves and others. 
Virtually all of us have benefited from our mother’s affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection. 
HHDL cuts the cake during celebrations of his 83rd birthday at Shiwatsel Teaching Ground in Leh, Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 6, 2018. Photo by Tenzin Choejor 
HHDL speaks on how to achieve long lasting happiness in this short clip from his talk at the launch of the Happiness Curriculum in Delhi Government Schools in New Delhi, India on July 2, 2018. 
While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters this—and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions. 
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life. 
I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We weren’t born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit. 
If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively. 
Prayer by itself is not sufficient to bring about peace of mind. What is much more effective is coming to understand the workings of the mind and learning how to tackle the mental afflictions that disturb it. 
I always consider that the shape of the future is in our hands. The past is past and can’t be changed, but the future has not yet arrived. Young people have the opportunity and responsibility to shape it by creating a better world. 
We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory. 
In today’s interconnected and globalized world, it’s now commonplace for people of different world views, faiths and races to live side by side. It’s a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect 
The world belongs to its 7 billion inhabitants. In the past, communities could flourish in isolation, but now we can’t. This World Environment Day let’s remember that we depend on each other and that to meet the challenge of climate change, we have to work together. 
Some people consider the practice of love and compassion is only related to religious practice and if they are not interested in religion they neglect these inner values. But love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together. 
Because of our intelligence we human beings are uniquely capable not only of creating problems, but of doing so on a large scale. Therefore, it is important that we use our intelligence in constructive ways. That’s what warm-heartedness and concern for others lead us to do. 
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren’t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart. 
I’m Tibetan, I’m Buddhist and I’m the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people. 
People inflict pain on others in their selfish pursuit of happiness and satisfaction. Yet true happiness comes from a sense of brotherhood and sisterhood. We need to cultivate a sense of universal responsibility for one another and the planet we share. 
Compassion is of little value if it just remains an idea. It must motivate how we respond to others and be reflected in all our thoughts and actions. 
We are, you might say, "brainwashed" into thinking that money is the source of happiness while what we really need to know is that inner peace is something that comes from within. 
Announcing the release of the official Dalai Lama app for Android now available for download at Get official news, videos, and photos of HHDL, including live video streams when they are available. Also available for iPhone at 
I often ask myself what is the purpose of our lives and I conclude that life's purpose is to be happy. We have no guarantee what will happen in the future, but we live in hope. That's what keeps us going. 
Scientists warn that constant fear and anger are bad for our health, while being compassionate and warm-hearted contributes to our physical and mental well-being. Therefore, just as we observe physical hygiene to stay well, we need to cultivate a kind of emotional hygiene too. 
Former Captain of the Indian National Cricket Team Sachin Tendulkar and HHDL enjoy meeting each other at the latter’s residence in Dharamsala, India on May 3, 2018. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor) 
There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent. 
There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm. On the surface we may get upset, but it makes a difference if we are able to stay calm in the depths of our minds. 
HHDL's advice to graduating students during the Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Convocation ceremony in New Delhi, India on April 23, 2018. 
Humanity's thirst for natural resources can only be sustained if we adapt our patterns of consumption. Competition for necessities like water, food and land will inevitably intensify. To meet the challenge of climate change and environmental depletion we must all cooperate. 
Not only is it the case that happy people are more willing to help others, but as I generally point out, helping others is the best way to help yourself, the best way to promote your own happiness. It is you, yourself, who will receive the benefit. 
Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength. By reducing distrust, it opens us to others and brings us a sense of connections with them and a sense of purpose and meaning in life. 
I feel that it’s crucial to have a clear recognition of the value of your objective. That's the important thing. Recognizing that your objective is worthy, because it involves others' welfare or the general well-being of the community, gives you the determination to pursue it. 
HHDL speaks to students on "Death as a Part of Life", how living a meaningful life leads to no regrets at the time of death, during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on April 2, 2018. 
In the modern world, where the pursuit of money is considered more important than the cultivation of inner values a fresh approach is required to incorporate secular ethics or universal values into the system of education. 
Our real enemies and the enemies of humanity are negative emotions like anger and hatred. Indeed, people who are dominated by powerful negative emotions should be objects of our compassion. 
Change in the world comes from individuals, from the inner peace in individual hearts. Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects. 
In our day to day life warm-heartedness is the key factor for happiness. 
World peace can only be based on inner peace. If we ask what destroys our inner peace, it's not weapons and external threats, but our own inner flaws like anger. This is one of the reasons why love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope 
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. Despite all of the things that differentiate us – race, language, religion, gender, wealth and so on – we are all equal concerning our fundamental humanity. 
When each of us learns to appreciate the critical importance of ethics and makes inner values like compassion and patience an integral part of our basic outlook on life, the effects will be far-reaching. 
In today’s materialistic world there is a risk of people becoming slaves to money, as though they were simply cogs in a huge money-making machine. This does nothing for human dignity, freedom, and genuine well-being. Wealth should serve humanity, and not the other way around. 
Watch "Compassion and the Role of Women" - HHDL's remarks to a group of women about their role in promoting human values during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on March 9, 2018. 
Watch Live: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue “Reimagining Human Flourishing” from Dharamsala, India on March 12-16. HHDL will engage in conversation with 17 scholars on the integration of compassion and ethics in education. (Photo of Mind &amp; Life XXX by Tenzin Choejor) 
Peace has a great deal to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others, avoiding doing them harm and regarding their lives as being as precious as our own. If, on that basis, we can also be of help to others, so much the better. 
Insofar as the destructive effects of anger and hateful thoughts are concerned, one cannot get protection from wealth nor education. The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience. 
Because of the great differences in our ways of thinking, it is inevitable that we have different religions and faiths. Each has its own beauty. And it is much better that we live together on the basis of mutual respect and mutual admiration. 
Practicing compassion, caring for others and sharing their problems, lays the foundation for a meaningful life, not only at the level of the individual, family or community, but also for humanity as a whole. 
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives. 
Genuine friends, are attracted by a warm heart, not money, not power. A genuine friend considers you as just another human being, as a brother or sister, and shows affection on that level, regardless of whether you are rich or poor, or in a high position; that is a genuine friend 
Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being. Therefore, just as we learn the importance of physical hygiene to physical health, to ensure healthy minds, we need to learn some kind of emotional hygiene. 
Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am skeptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action. 
I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore the real source of blessings is in our own mind. 
The basic foundation of humanity is compassion and love. This is why, if even a few individuals simply try to create mental peace and happiness within themselves and act responsibly and kind-heartedly towards others, they will have a positive influence in their community. 
Many people think that patience is a sign of weakness. I think this is a mistake. It is anger that is a sign of weakness, whereas patience is a sign of strength. 
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go. 
What’s past is past, nothing can change that. But the future can be different if we choose to make it so. We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about. This is no time for complacency, hope lies in the action we take. 
Destructive thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. If you think clearly about it, it makes no sense to think you’re seeking happiness, if you do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions. 
Modern education pays little attention to inner values and yet our basic human nature is compassionate. We need to incorporate compassion and warm-heartedness into the modern education system to make it more holistic. 
I really feel that some people neglect and overlook compassion because they associate it with religion. Of course, everyone is free to choose whether they pay religion any regard, but to neglect compassion is a mistake because it is the source of our own well-being. 
First in a series conceived by HHDL, ”Science and Philosophy in the Indian Buddhist Classics, Vol. 1: The Physical World", that brings together classical Buddhist explorations of the nature of our material world and the human mind and puts them into context for the modern reader. 
Whether science or religion is constructive or destructive depends on our motivation and whether we are guided by a real concern for the well-being of others and an appreciation of the oneness of humanity. 
HHDL’'s advice for the New Year delivered during his address at the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies' 50th Anniversary in Sarnath, Varanasi, India on January 1, 2018. His Holiness speaks in Tibetan followed by an English translation. 
I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail. 
Karma means action and action motivated by compassion is good. To complain that what happens to you is just the result of your karma is lazy. Instead, confidently recalling the advice that, "You are your own master," you can change what happens by taking action. 
Within each of us exists the potential to contribute positively to society. Although one individual among so many on this planet may seem too insignificant, it is our personal efforts that will determine the direction our society is heading. 
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. Keeping in mind that it is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends, compassion is the key to ensuring our own well-being. 
I consider non-violence to be compassion in action. It doesn’t mean weakness, cowering in fear, or simply doing nothing. It is to act without violence, motivated by compassion, recognizing the rights of others. 
The Office of His Holiniess the Dalai Lama has released ‘Dalai Lama’, a new iPhone App now available for download at the Apple App Store With Dalai Lama stay up to date with what His Holiness is doing, his travels, and his teachings. 
Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality. It’s about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves ‘Why do I feel angry?’ and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warm-heartedness. 
Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of others—always a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament. 
Peace is not brought about through conflict, but through compassion—creating peace of mind within ourselves. We all need compassion and women can take a lead role in encouraging others to let it flower within them. My own first teacher of kindness and compassion was my mother. 
HHDL's Opinion for the New York Times - "Our Future is Very Much in Our Hands" 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama meeting with former US President Barack Obama in New Delhi, India on December 1, 2017. (Photo by Tenzin Taklha) 
Some people mistakenly conclude that cultivating compassion is all about others’ benefit, whereas the first benefit is to us. Compassion brings us peace of mind. It attracts friends. Friends are based on trust and trust develops when we show concern for others. 
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn’t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can’t do that, at least not harming them. 
We can change our minds. We don’t have to give in to anger and hatred. Since compassion and anger cannot co-exist, the more we cultivate compassion the more our anger will be reduced. 
I don’t like formality. There’s no formality when we’re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right. 
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view. 
The use of force may control people physically, but it won’t change their hearts and minds. You can only do that on the basis of trust and friendship. 
Change in the world always begins with an individual who shares what he or she has learned and passes it on to others. 
The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart. 
We all want to live a happy life, which is our right, and the key to doing so is developing compassion for others. 
We need to improve the current education system by introducing instructions on ways to cultivate positive emotions like warm-heartedness. 
Compassion brings inner peace and whatever else is going on, that peace of mind allows us to see the whole picture more clearly. 
Compassion is the essence of a spiritual life—to be successful in practicing love and compassion, patience and tolerance are indispensable. 
New from HHDL &amp; Archbishop Desmond Tutu, the Book of Joy Journal with inspiring quotes to help find joy in our lives 
I’m convinced that today’s young people can achieve a more peaceful world if they cultivate warm-heartedness and inner peace. 
The more compassionate our mind, the more we’ll be able to lead our lives transparently, honestly, truthfully, with nothing to hide. 
People go to great lengths to look physically attractive, but inner beauty is a more important and stronger basis for lasting relationships. 
As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust. And trust grows when we show real concern for others’ well-being. 
Peace doesn’t come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge 
Whatever our religious faith, showing others loving kindness is the best way to bring about inner peace. 
What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense. 
I’m just one human being, but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity. 
Religious people pray for peace, but prayer alone is not enough, what will bring peace in the world is people cultivating peace of mind. 
As a human brother I'm committed to letting people know that we all possess the seeds of love and compassion. 
Using harsh words reflects narrow-mindedness—to be happy and joyful we need friends. Friendship is based on trust and treating others kindly 
Just as we protect our health by observing physical hygiene, by tackling our destructive emotions with skill we’ll achieve emotional hygiene 
You may control people physically by force, but you won’t change their hearts and minds—that requires trust and friendship. 
By learning to be more warm-hearted we can create a more compassionate world. 
Watch HHDL's message to the Mind &amp; Life meeting on Spirituality, Science and Humanity held in Botswana on August 17. 
When I heard scientists say they had evidence that basic human nature is compassionate, I thought, 'There’s real hope.' 
Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind. 
Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together. We have to cultivate warm-heartedness. 
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us. 
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect. 
If you have a warm heart and you care for others you'll be happy and the community in which you live will be happier too. 
Education today needs not only to develop our intelligence, but also to support basic human values of warm-heartedness and compassion. 
HHDL playfully posing with Muslim leaders from Turtuk who came to meet him in Disket, Nubra Valley, India on July 13th. Photo/Tenzin Choejor 
There is no fortitude like patience, just as there is no destructive emotion worse than hatred. Therefore, practice patience and tolerance. 
Since loving kindness is the basis of a happy life, It’s my number one commitment to promote awareness of the importance of warm-heartedness 
HHDL thanks everyone who sent kind greetings and joined in celebrations on the occasion of his 82nd birthday. 
HHDL cutting his birthday cake during celebrations in honor of his 82nd birthday in Leh, Ladakh, India on July 6th. 
We experience happiness on a sensory level that is relatively short-lived. But lasting happiness is related to our state of mind. 
Compassion brings us peace of mind. It brings a smile to our face and genuine smiles bring us closer together. 
On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy. They reduce fear. 
A more peaceful world and a more peaceful century require that we rely not on weapons but on developing a widespread inner peace. 
Live: HHDL's talk on "Embracing the Beauty of Diversity in our World" from UC San Diego on June 16th. 
We are all social animals and compassion, care and concern for others bring us together. 
Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively. 
Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival. 
Peace in the world depends on our relating to each other with compassion. 
Although bringing about inner change is difficult, it is absolutely worthwhile to try. What is important is to try our best. 
Motivation is very important. We can show love, respect for others, and honesty in whatever we do to help humanity. 
If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering. 
The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child's fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love. 
HHDL recalls his mother's affection in this clip from his talk the University of Minnesota in 2011. 
