Meant to say young, but spelled it wrong 
Ironic stan 
If 🤖 can do this, what can’t they do!? 
Solid work by Keen, as usual 
♥️🇳🇴 Norway 🇳🇴♥️ 
Yes 
Yes 
Seems fair 
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter 
.@TheOnion 
Making The Onion articles real … 
&amp; 
Duck emoji FTW 
Final edit was on Ableton 
Surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. System would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective. 
Jung 
We’ve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past 18 months. Really looking fwd to getting Semi into production. 
🐝 Mode 
For the 5th year in a row, Tesla has been named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality by 
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars 
Pre-Happy birthday! 
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge I’ve ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated. 
Coming soon! 
No 
Wow 
This might be my finest work 
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory. 
I’m disappointed that my record label failed 
Emo G Records 
Instagram comments are coding in emojis 
Also true 
True 
The quality of emojis varies wildly 
Lame 
🦆 
C++ syntax sucks 
Assert (“Money” == Series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. Primary purpose == Information system for allocation of human time. As automation++, value of money--); 
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks! 
Like the movie Us. Scary … but also empathetic. 
No, but for sure the other way around! 
Also the intense low frequency vibrations that you can’t hear, but you can feel in your chest 
We’re going to try. Side boosters come back to Cape, center core lands on droneship. Latter will be coming in v hot &amp; fast, so dicey. 
Annoying that perpetuates myth that Delta IV Heavy or Atlas V can do some orbits that Falcon Heavy can’t. This is absolutely false. FH would have to go full expendable for GEO direct, but that’s very rare. 
Yeah, Falcon Heavy Block 5 has way more performance than last year’s vehicle. Lot of room to increase side booster load transfer &amp; max Q without changing any parts. FH Block 5 can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying. 
Probably no fairing either &amp; just 3 Raptor Vacuum engines. Mass ratio of ~30 (1200 tons full, 40 tons empty) with Isp of 380. Then drop a few dozen modified Starlink satellites from empty engine bays with ~1600 Isp, MR 2. Spread out, see what’s there. Not impossible. 
Retrofits will start when our software is able to take meaningful advantage of the Tesla FSD computer, which is an order of magnitude more capable. For now, it’s slightly disadvantageous to have Tesla FSD computer, as our software is more refined for HW2. 
Anyone who bought FSD will get it 
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward “HW3” will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important. 
Yes. Sensitive propulsion &amp; avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon 1. 
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow. 
We should send probes to outer solar system &amp; get high res, true color images of these strange things. Maybe there’s an alien artifact out there … 
Super cool! 
I drove 4,500 miles in 10 days in my #model3. I can’t tell you how relaxing and easy it is with autopilot and Te… 
Good point 
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate. 
We activated our first Superchargers 6 years ago. Today, we have more than 12,000 of them at 1,400 sites around the world. 📸 
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability. 
Exactly 
2/ The 42 Powerpack battery system will also help reduce energy demand on the Osaka grid during peak hours – hardware install co… 
1/ In the event of a grid outage, this Osaka Powerpack installation is designed to provide emergency backup power to safely move… 
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team! 
The Tesla Model S and Model 3's stellar handling in icy conditions shines in Winter Experience event 
No, it is one week either way. 
🤗 
Tesla Model 3 earns rave review from one of Germany’s biggest magazines: 'Mercedes, BMW, and Audi are trembling in front of… 
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo. 
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon! 
12,000 lbs!? How puny. Do you construct children’s toys? 
That’s exactly it. You’re no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day. 
Good point 
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it 
Yes, otherwise propellant usage for an atmospheric entry would be very high and/or center of mass would need to be very tightly constrained. Yes, but we’re going to skip that at first to avoid fragging launch pads. 
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon. 
Thank you! 
Will do 
Tesla Unlocks V2 Supercharger 145 kW Rate Via New Software Update #Tesla #TeslaModel3 #supercharger #Model3 
Tesla’s Navigation Eliminates The Need To Plan Charging Stops On Road Trips 
Ford has 4 CEOs in 5 years &amp; nobody blinks, but Tesla loses 1 intern &amp; it’s front page news. I tell ya (shakes fist at sky) … 
It’s possible to make a self-sustaining city on Mars by 2050, if we start in 5 years &amp; take 10 orbital synchronizations 
Tesla Model 3 Enhanced Summon In Action: More Videos 
You’re most welcome! Glad to be helpful. 
Only when Y is in production 
Every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares 
Import tariffs, VAT &amp; transport costs 
To be clear, this doesn’t affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line. 
To be precise, midnight on April 1, so effective April 2 
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April 1 
Thank you and for making the finest car I’ve ever owned or driven. Seriously. It is literally driving the… 
Finally got my Model 3! Best car buying experience of my life; only took 5 minutes, much better than the usual 7 ho… 
First look at a Tesla Model 3 driving to its owner on Enhanced Summon 
Tesla Model 3 Easily Outsold All Other EVs In Europe In February 2019 
About to be upgraded to Chromium 
Reset 
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off 
If someone has already won a Roadster from a prior program, they’re only eligible to win the signed Performance Y 
Sounds like a good idea 
How to win the boss fight in Sekiro 
No, it’s cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero &amp; you can’t win that prize again. Intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win. 
WW 
Agreed, you can only win each prize once 
You’re welcome! 
New Tesla referral program just released 
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep &amp; wide 
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too. 
Top Five Reasons Why Consumers Buy Cars: Video Reason #1 - Most Fun to Own --&gt;https://t.co/ryyOyUU27T 
Jim Cramer explains short-seller market manipulation 
Jim can’t take the heat 
Jim, no response? 
Exactly 
Best to get a Tesla Powerwall, so you can power your house &amp; also drive 
Probably start Australia builds in late May or June &amp; start arriving in winter 
After owning 4-cylinder hatchbacks my entire life, I took the plunge and bought a This is the best car I've ever ow… 
"The exacting nature of that single pedal combined with that razor-sharp steering, and mountains of torque, make the Model 3 one… 
This car saves dogs’ lives ❤️🐶 
To see more Demo-1 images, visit: 
Coming soon 
Norway's NAF (= AAA) review of Model 3 says it has "hysterical amounts of power", competitors are "pre-historic", car scores… 
Due to unusually high volume, Tesla was unable to process all orders by midnight on Monday, so the slight price rise on vehicles… 
Showing mom and grandma Autopark 
We have a special guest on the latest episode of Watch this Space! Join me behind the scenes of the recent Demo… 
Edited a sped-up video of the DM-1 Dragon 2 docking. Really shows how active the guidance software is while at the 20m… 
Yes, full duration 
White-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around 1650 Kelvin 
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium &amp; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach 8 or 9, moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint. 
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment. 
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps 
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles 
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots 
Only some of the hottest sections 
Full size 
We decided to skip building a new nosecone for Hopper. Don’t need it. What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle. 
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump &amp; combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber. 
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship &amp; Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations. 
Agreed 
Raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. We’re simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. Throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. Going to 25% would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed. 
Started rolling it out a few days ago. Always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout … 
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine &amp; stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely. 
First (really short) hops with one engine. Suborbital flights with three. 
Tesla Model 3 owners with the latest 2019.8.2 software update are waking up to even more performance 
Goes against interests of all Texans 
Wow, this is crazy 
If someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day 8, that’s fine 
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after you’ve had your Tesla for a week 
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at 
Yes! 
Definitely down the road, once construction &amp; upgrades aren’t so crazy 
This causes some media confusion, as batch builds &amp; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month &amp; terrible following month, but consumer tastes don’t actually vary so much. Massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules. 
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations &amp; we try to build in batches to simplify production 
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer 
Model 3 partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. If we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but that’s a lot of complexity. 
Exactly! In fact, better to have RWD with winter tires than AWD with summer tires. We appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy AWD, but it isn’t critical for snowy regions. 
Still get this question a lot, even though Norway 🇳🇴 has highest Tesla cars per person on 🌏 (super appreciated!). Also, AWD is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice. 
“How does the Tesla Model 3 do in the snow? Amazingly.” experiences Track Mode in snow 
El Model 3 ya está disponible en México. Diseña el tuyo 
Introducing Model Y Order at 
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck 
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut 
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle. 
Design your Model Y at 
We’re opening our doors for social media users to come behind the scenes for the next cargo launch to the International 
There was something, but no one caught it 
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside 
Would love to be there this year. If not, definitely next! 💛 India 💛 
Yeah 
Exactly! 
London to Beijing Supercharger route 
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car. 
The hardest joke ever 
With pie 🥧 
Long-term, it’s about coupling the collective will of humanity to AI. Short-term, it’s about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems. 
Next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. You’re right, it’s currently too low. 
Model Y Thurs 8pm PDT 
Checking into this 
S3XY 
OTA 
Plug in a USB drive to record video 
First time using $TSLA mobile service, what a great idea this is, it saves me HOURS of inconvenience and has to save T… 
Comes with 2019.8, which finishes validation this week 
How Does A Tesla Model 3 Impact You Electric Bill? It's Cheap! Video 
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year! 
Yes 
Our “list” prices are our actual prices. Software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate. 
Sure, that would be great 
Sure 
Correct 
That’s the plan 
Of course 
6 
In retrospect, lower price shouldn’t have been offered. Was done so because some simply couldn’t afford it. Prices revert to normal on Monday. 
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak 
We are still closing stores, just not as many as before. This basically splits the difference — about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. Was discussed with exec team &amp; board. 
When prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought don’t want to write Tesla a check. So it goes. 
Yes 
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too 
Applies worldwide 
Yes 
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model 3. Order online at before then for current prices. 
Couldn’t resolve all the rights issues. Will add another racing game soon. 
