And here's an extended version of the trailer! 
Our hearts and hands are busted making this movie for you guys. Join us in watching it on Friday, May 24, in theaters everywhere. 
❤️ 
5. Anyway, that’s the completely honest truth: I used to make a lot of offensive jokes. I don’t anymore. I don’t blame my past self for this, but I like myself more and feel like a more full human being and creator today. Love you to you all. 
4. For the record, when I made these shocking jokes, I wasn’t living them out. I know this is a weird statement to make, and seems obvious, but, still, here I am, saying it. 
3. In the past, I have apologized for humor of mine that hurt people. I truly felt sorry and meant every word of my apologies. 
2. It’s not to say I’m better, but I am very, very different than I was a few years ago; today I try to root my work in love and connection and less in anger. My days saying something just because it’s shocking and trying to get a reaction are over. 
1. Many people who have followed my career know when I started, I viewed myself as a provocateur, making movies and telling jokes that were outrageous and taboo. As I have discussed publicly many times, as I’ve developed as a person, so has my work and my humor. 
It wasn’t the only tweet, it was a series. The next one I named the disgusting fuck. It was 2008 I wasn’t exactly an expert at Twitter. 
In 2008 I barely knew how to work twitter. 
Me too. 
I did a section for the Horror Book of Lists on favorite horror scenes. Other guys who had added pieces were also there, like Salva. 
Same as to Cernovich - the point of the series of tweets was that I was fucking horrified I showed up to a reading and was there with a convicted pedophile, Victor Salva, the director of Jeepers Creepers. I left. 
Yeah, that was the point of the tweets, dummy. I left. I showed up to the reading and there was a convicted pedophile there - Victor Salva, the director of Jeepers Creepers, and I was fucking horrified. 
Exactly. And Trump is the one complaining about “fake news” while manipulating it, and lying, every chance he gets. 
If you don’t believe our intelligence agencies, you might accept Vladimir Putin’s own admission in Helsinki… 
The interview with Dan Coats is extraordinary. To recap: The president's hand-picked Intel Chief said it w… 
Haha, "fuck Batman," oh man. 
Our democracy is gravely imperiled when "protecting our election systems from hackers" has become a partisan issue. Repub… 
The best! 
I feel the same thing every time I see him now. 
And within 9 months of that briefing, quite a number of senior Russian officials suddenly died 
So is an amazing film, cementing Lynne Ramsay as one of my favorite living filmmakers, based on the book by my old friend Fantastic and moving. 
Perfect timing. I was just doing a Google search for this. 
Maybe it was the moment in which I clicked on the trending topic but the ones I initially saw were not largely respectful. It was mostly asshole this and privileged knucklehead that. And Duplass had deleted the tweet already!! So why are people so mad?? 
Don't you think there's a chance he didn't know much about Shapiro &amp; just read the more levelheaded tweets? From everything I see about Duplass he seems like a good guy. He deleted the tweet! Not being all knowing doesn't make him an entitled knucklepuck; that just seems mean. 
Obviously I'm not talking about people saying things calmly and straightforwardly. I was reacting to "fuck duplass" and "It makes Mark Duplass an asshole" etc etc (you can find those and many others by searching). That's what I saw when I clicked on the trending topic. 
Nope. I have no problem with bad grammar. I do have a problem with someone mocking someone for bad grammar while using bad grammar. 
I’ve made many mistakes both on film &amp; off, As for the asshole thing, I really don’t know who you are other than the guy who once made fun of a high-schooler for using incorrect grammar in a tweet where you yourself used incorrect grammar. So, you know, asshole. 
Nice threat. Go for it. I don’t think Duplass deserves to be attacked. If you want to question my character over that, go right ahead. 
Because he’s trending on twitter and getting attacked and I don’t think that’s fair. 
This is a very strange thing to say in response to a tweet in which I say just because you disagree with someone doesn’t make that person evil. 
I never said all my opponents are traitors &amp; racists, I just said there are a lot out there. If you don’t understand the difference you’ll undoubtedly have many more things in life end badly for you. 
The outrage is being expressed towards Duplass, not Shapiro. That's clear from what I'm saying. 
Mark Duplass tweeting how you should follow an asshole because he thinks it's the kind thing to do simply can't be the bar for moral outrage. Have a good day. 4/END 
Not everyone can be right all the time about everything, and, if you think that's possible, then eventually you're going to be standing by yourself, "right," but alone. 2 
Maybe you disagree with Mark Duplass, which is completely fair (personally I think even Ben Shapiro's mother should unfollow him). But that doesn't make Duplass' point-of-view evil. There are a lot of traitors &amp; racists in the country today. Perhaps save the outrage for them. 1 
Even during the Stalin era, the Soviet government never had the audacity to try to arrest US government officials. Think about… 
State Dept. Was Granted $120 Million to Fight Russian Meddling. It Has Spent $0. 
Agreed. 
1. IMPORTANT: Among the many outrages in Helsinki, Trump appears to have bought (or been suckered) into providing fuel… 
.@zoesaldana &amp; I screwing around taking goofy photos while the crew tries to work. Behind the scenes on #GotG Vol. 1 
And very hot!!! 
If there's one thing that really hurts me deeply it's being told I look like a meet cat. 
That's why I used it. I'm speaking in code so he doesn't know what we're talking about, like parents speaking pig Latin around their three year olds. 
In other words, Trump ONCE AGAIN outright states he believes Putin over American intelligence and law enforcement agencies, which is what he said in Helsinki and then "apologized" for (but really didn't) yesterday. #traitor #treason #ImpeachTrump 
Oh I know it well and see it every day. 
This literally contradicts exactly what the Director of National Intelligence just said. Point blank. 
Also, what kind of moron says “people at the higher ends of intelligence” when they can just say “intelligent people”? (Answer: A moron who uses convoluted terminology in an attempt to make himself look smarter than he is.) 
More like he’s third in command of the despotic regimes. 
But, you know, it could have been someone else too. It could have been a lot of people. 
Correction: Cap- Maybe it's not in the transcripts or the video but a word got left out. I said, "I spoke to Thanos. H… 
Yes. Trump misspelled a word he fucking tweets every single fucking day. 
This is real. He made a point not to say that those who attacked our elections should be brought to justice. Can you believe this blatantly treasonous shit? 
“Lib-Buster” needs to find a new job besides busting. 
That’s been my irritation of the day as well. He was sucking up to Putin even before the campaign, and the initial US intelligence questioning whether Trump was a Putin asset was also during the campaign. 
Yeah, the two choices are support a foreign dictator over the country he’s the President of or SHOOT HIM. She’s such an obvious moron. 
He did do something. He just didn’t say anything publicly. Again, big mistake in my opinion, but it’s a lot different than actively being an asset for a foreign government. 
👍 
Thirdly, I think Obama majorly fucked up not taking public steps when the information was 1st discovered. But inferring that’s the same crime doesn’t follow as Trump’s actions are purposely helping Russia vs Obama making a mistake. Very, very different. 2 
Well, three things. There are legal definitions and plain definitions. I’m using the plain definition. Secondly, the crime Trump is committing is probably espionage, which also can come with a penalty of death. 1 
I know you aren’t saying that. It’s all good. 
Yes I know, I’m talking to Josh. Sorry for using the plural. 
Guys, there are legal definitions of crimes and then there are definitions of words. This is writing/talking 101. 
Kremlin-controlled state TV hosts declare, "Trump is ours!" &amp; joke that US lawmakers traveled to Russia "to make deals with hackers, so they can rig the midterms in favor of Trump's team." This is on RUSSIAN STATE TV. Anyone still doubt Trump's a traitor? 
Countries with a larger GDP than Russia: Germany Canada Japan United Kingdom China India France Brazil Italy South Korea So why are we alienating so many of these countries in favor of such a, relatively, economic weakling? #treason 
Absolutely. 
That wasn’t the intelligence agencies, that was God offering commentary on your bullshit. 
“I accept our intelligence community’s conclusion that meddling took place,” Trump said. Then said, “Could have been other people also. There’s a lot of people out there.” Please note that the second statement completely defies the first. That is, he's still in Putin's pocket. 
I accidentally said Jeffrey Dahmer never killed anyone because he said so, but I meant to say I see no reason why it wouldn’t be Dahmer who might have maybe killed some people, who knows. This isn’t a correction nor an apology. How fucking stupid do you think we are? #treason 
A few episodes in and it's already up there with Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones for me. Just completely wonderful through and through. 
#SDCC 
Thank you, for the most indulgent, most ridiculous, most pointless yet most euphoric in the entirety of the #MCU:… 
Of course. Thanos did the evil thing because he believed it was right. Trump did the evil thing so he could borrow more money for his failing businesses from foreign banks. 
“There was an idea...to bring together a remarkable group of people, to see if they could become something more. So th… 
Yup. 
Did you make this? I want to repost. 
High point. 
FUCK YOU. 
Thank you. But if you are truly horrified by this, as the majority of Americans are, do something about it. 
Mariia Butina, a Russian national, has been charged with acting as a surreptitious Russian agent and establishing a secr… 
Here’s logic for you: the opposite of a President kowtowing to a dictator IS NOT WAR. There are obviously many diplomatic responses to a country attacking our election process besides either becoming completely subservient or armed conflict. 
That’s because Putin loves sending signals that he owns Trump without saying it outright. He does this at every opportunity. Unlike Trump, Putin’s a smart guy, and he knows by not answering the question it seems like he does have compromising material on him. 😉 #treason 
No they have not 
#AMAGA (Actually Make America Great Again) 
If you’ve been supporting Trump &amp; every once in a while a voice in the back of your head says, “maybe you shouldn’t be.” Yeah, that’s God. Today, as we witness Trump’s great #treason on the world stage, would be a great day to make a change. We all make mistakes. 
Happy Birthday! 
It's from me. 
Someone has already partially gotten it. 
The stated intentions of these campaigns was to create unease &amp; a disruptive world environment where Putin could consolidate power. You may not believe Trump KNOWINGLY did this (lol, sure) but even his own cabinet members &amp; appointed heads of the CIA &amp; FBI agree this is the case. 
I can't believe I'm even responding to this - but, give me a break. Putin financed, whether independently or in tandem, both Brexit and the Trump campaigns. There is no one in the US government who disputes this except Trump himself. 
Getting lots of messages about Galactus in the Collector scenes. No, he’s not there in any way. 
Pareidolia. 
It is. It's also possible that Unicorns have a secret underground society. Like the Unicorn society, there is absolutely no evidence of either of those things. There is a preponderance of evidence Putin is trying to weaken the EU and the US to consolidate power. 
You know how, when someone wins an Oscar, they thank their close loved ones, and the people who really helped them make the movie, and all those to whom they're truly grateful... and then they thank the head of the studio because they know they have to? Yeah, well... 
I can deny. 
Drax the Destroyer is outfitted with his space suit, made conveniently not to chafe his nipples. #behindthescenes #marvel #guardiansofthegalaxy #gotg #davebautista London,… 
Honestly - I don't know. But I think rigorous self-honesty, openness, and looking for ways to best serve others are good tools that we can use to improve ourselves, no matter what our age is. 
10. Sometimes my alarm goes off in the mornings and I curse the sky just like so many others across the world. That said, I AM grateful. I realize I'm fortunate in so many ways, and I count my blessings. I'm just not walking on a cloud 24/7. 
9. Anyway, I don't see "following my dreams" as a big component of my career path. Nor do I think my job is a dream. It may seem that way to you, but to me writing &amp; directing is still a job. Sometimes I love it, sometimes I don't. Sometimes it's magical, sometimes a grind. 
8. When it became about service to others as well as myself, I was much better at my job, and less needy and desperate. That service to others extends to HERE, where I get excited being a part of people's lives as they make themselves the best people they can be. 
7. I had a spiritual awakening in my late twenties where I realized my whole life had been selfish &amp; life was about service to others as well. Strangely, magically almost, within months of redirecting the way I thought about my career &amp; my art, my success exponentially increased. 
6. I of course am leaving a ton of stuff out of this story. I made a lot of 8 millimeter films as a kid, so it wasn't like filmmaking was an unknown quantity. And, more importantly - although I feel a bit vulnerable bringing this up here - 
5. And, once on a movie set, I felt at home. It wasn't a dream until I was there. I was always very ambitious but, after the music stuff, I didn't have a fixed idea about what it was I needed to do or how I'd go about it. I just believed I needed to work harder than everyone else 
4. That led to being admitted to grad school for writing at Columbia University in NYC, and while working and doing monologue shows in that time, was discovered by at Troma studios, who hired me to write a screenplay (he heard I vomited on stage - not really true). 
3. And I realized, almost immediately, I was good at it. Unlike playing music, I wasn't forcing myself into a job that didn't quite want me. I worked my ass off - 120+ hours a week - but it was also easy, because it flowed, and I was getting a lot of positive feedback early on. 
2. But I felt I was forcing myself as a musician in this world. So I went on a period of discovery where I went to college, considered being a lawyer, psychologist, professor, cartoonist, and had FUN discovering stuff. This is when I took my first creative writing class. 
1. I didn't follow my dreams. I wanted to be a rock star. I played professionally in bands. I was a decent song writer and good performer, but not a great singer, and, at 22 or so, the band I was in broke up. I had offers from other bands... 
Yeah, after talking about these concepts for years, which I used practically, finding ikigai was amazing as it lines up very closely with my beliefs, and the thoughts in this article. Really cool stuff. 
That's irrelevant to this advice. 
7. Although people often accuse me of being negative when I malign the saying "follow your dreams", I believe it's because that dumb platitude doesn't allow for how big, magical, and full of undiscovered wonders we, and life, actually are. 
6. In a world where technology is ever-changing, &amp; whole swaths of careers are disappearing while others appear in their place, this is even more true. If I put all my stock into my teenage dream of franchising laserdisc rental stores across the country, I'd be screwed today. 
5. And, as the findings conclude in the article above, following your dreams isn't just bad advice because it's narrow-minded, it's bad advice because it treats our dreams and passions as fixed objects when, in fact, dreams and passions can be developed and discovered over time. 
4. An additional value to this process is learning about dreams you didn't know existed, or weren't on your radar in the first place. This, to me, is a much more wholistic and realistic way of developing ourselves as people, our careers, and striving for success. 
3. Instead of just following your dreams, you find a balance of what you're good at, what you love doing &amp; how you can best service others &amp; the world - and, yes, you can serve the world by managing restaurants, or doing contracting work, or playing fiddle in an alt-country band. 
2. Instead of "following your dreams", I have advised a hardcore period of discovery - for many people this is the college years - where people do research on themselves, on the world around them, and how they interact with that world. 
1. Those of you who have followed me here for a while know I sometimes rail against the advice, "Follow your dreams." It's a small-minded platitude to make people feel good, but there are better ways of finding a career. Now there's research to back me up: 
Nope sorry. 
“Hasn’t Dahmer had enough?” 
Everyone absolutely does not, you freaking monster. 
Happy Birthday. 
Between all of us: no. 
I will see many of you at #SanDiegoComicCon one week from today (Friday, 7/20), with something dark, sweet, and special. #sdcc #secrets 
Trump &amp; the GOP have built a conspiracy theory on a couple off-hand texts from Strzok. For anyone with an open mind (who watches more than the GOP-propaganda machine Fox) that’s always been an obvious, desperate act, hoping the American people are dumb enough to fall for it. 
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 (2017) DP: Henry Braham Director: James Gunn (@JamesGunn) Read "Battle Beyond The Stars… 
Happy Birthday to my pal For his birthday you can listen to his podcast with me here - 
True. On our last trip to the great as we approached the elephant exhibit, sobbed, begged to be taken home, and crapped his pants. Seems you just talked yourself out of a job, 
Another old shot of the Guardians with my nephews and niece in London/Nova Corps roof in #GotG Vol. 1. #guardiansofthegalaxy #marvel #behindthescenes #family London, United Kingdom 
Hanks made millions off of those projects as well. It's a commercial niche. For the record, I think both Sacha &amp; Hanks are motivated by career AND by beliefs - Hanks, the heroism of soldiers, and Sacha, fighting hypocrisy and idiocy. But that's all still assumption. 
Well at least you show how open-minded and impartial you are by waiting for the show to air before having an opinion. 
In today's explosive, two-sided America, people see something happen they don't like - Cohen makes Palin &amp; Walsh look stupid - and their brains furtively search for something to make it wrong. AHA! STOLEN VALOR! Which this so obviously is not. 
NO ONE IS OUTRAGED. They, like you, are just afraid of how stupid the people they follow are going to come off. Sarah Palin isn't outraged. She's just trying to get ahead of how dumb she looks. It's time to distinguish between real-outrage &amp; outrage-because-it-helps-my-side. 
Palin's desperate to get ahead of her stupidity. She's jumping up &amp; down in front of the screen, waving her arms, NO! DON'T LOOK AT THAT! unaware of how much attention she's attracting (because, yes, she's that stupid &amp; it'd be wiser to shut up). Walsh just wants to be relevant. 
Well that's an idiotic assumption unrelated to what I said. I said one's making a movie and another is making a TV show. You can't assume either of their motives (though assuming altruism on a movie Tom Hanks made 30+ million on is of course silly). 
That's called research and it's the opposite of fake news, dummy. 
What nonsense. Banks was making a movie, and Sacha was making a TV show. Neither one of them was in it for the "valor." 
So &amp; are accusing of “stolen valor” because he tricked them while dressed as a vet in his new Showtime show. I suppose next they’ll be going after for “Saving Private Ryan.” 
I demand everyone doesn’t watch this show wherein I am an idiot! Please! A boycott is truly in order to hide how dumb I am! 
Ivanka Trump’s Chinese-made products have been spared from her father’s new round of tariffs, which affect $34 billion wo… 
Haha sorry. 
I don’t understand this joke. What would the one Eagles song even be? They have the biggest selling album of all time, in which almost every song is a super-hit. 
If you believe these kids are all stooges for the Deep State, you are gone, gone, gone. The world is not how you think it is. If not, it’s obvious at this point is a liar. #JimJordanResign 
8 of them say you’re lying, you corrupt piece-of-shit. 
I’m with Carnahan on this one, 
If there’s one thing I’ve learned about Trump supporters, it’s that they love to say they aren’t Trump supporters while simultaneously supporting him. 
Another step towards Trump creating a dictatorship. Democrat or Republican, liberal or conservative, you should be disgusted by this. No ifs, ands, or buts about it, Trump is the truest enemy to the balance of powers this great nation has ever faced. 
Prove you’re not a foreigner, champ. 
Less than half. 
Oh that sucks, David. Sorry, man. 
After separating kids from their parents, and promising to reunite them, Trump missed the deadline and hasn’t even reunited half the families. Just one horror to the next with this lying, traitorous SOB and his corrupt administration. - 
Lying his ass off! What a great start! 
Yes. But please bring the giraffes. 
So the definite winner in the annual IG Anniversary post. It made me cry a little, so what??!! 
That’s incredible. 
Three years ago today our friends &amp; set us up on a date, and today is a part of my life and family in every way. Love you, Jenn! Happy Anniversary to us! #❤️ 
That is definitely transactional - he is retiring IF he can agree to a replacement. That’s a transaction. There is nothing incorrect in the original tweet. 
lol. You realize that’s not the person who posted the tweet, right? Maybe read just a little more carefully. And, for the record, the White House is not denying the agreement between Kennedy and Trump took place before his retirement. 
So we’ve been watching Trump star in ANOTHER shitty reality show for the past week and, just like the Apprentice, the winner was chosen ahead of time by someone other than him? 
You posted an article to your FB page that said black people “are a threat to all who cross their paths,” &amp; you commented on the article YOURSELF that it’s what people “whisper in private, but which nobody dares say out loud.” Welcome to Twitter, you piece of shit. 
Oh yeah! 
I tried, but I dropped the matcha and now my shoes are covered in green dust. 
Just for the record, the previous two administrations separated kids only if the parents were a danger. That's a fact. And they didn't do it thousands of times, a situation the Zero-Tolerance policy has created. Also a fact. 
You can watch The Belko Experiment now on 
Yeah, Edgar. 
I'll make her casting ideas my number one priority, Mr. Wright. 
Our government has taken children from their parents and has no way to reunite them. Finding that horrifying isn’t partisan - it’s human. And l couldn’t care less whether you don’t buy a ticket to my movies because I tweet about the welfare of kids. 
The tweet I posted is a link. 
Trump's Administration is facilitating stealing kids for profit and what is essentially human trafficking - as you can see in the thread below, Bethany advertised on their website you can adopt kids from Guatemala for $50k. Fuck these monsters. 
“If he murders, that’s it! If he rapes, that’s it! If he wear’s a dog’s head as a hat, that’s it!” Trump’s misdeeds are so bad his defenders’ only possible defense has become “he can’t do evil because he’s allowed to do anything.” 
He can’t block anymore. 
The Kraglin is in the house and hanging with the me Funko! #funko #kraglin #guardiansofthegalaxy #gotg 
Again, to me it's funny because he gave him something and got nothing in return, but I understand the sensitivity around the issue. And thanks for the compliment. 
It's not about giving a handy being bad, no matter who is giving them to whom. It's about giving something for nothing. Any mention of sex is not a denigration of sex itself. 
That's fine, but, if you're American, and I imagine by your name you are, you know, "What were you thinking?" is generally a put down, not an inquiry. 
Giving Kim Jong-un a handy behind a potted fern is NOT an agreement to denuclearization, no matter what you… 
You actually think I took more time on that tweet than I took to write it??? 
Giving Kim Jong-un a handy behind a potted fern is NOT an agreement to denuclearization, no matter what you read in The Art of the Deal. 
quadrupling, octupling, what's the word for doubling down the ten thousandth time? 
A) You have "confidence" in a guy who just killed someone for giving troops too much food? B) He IS honoring the deal you signed, which had nothing about agreeing to denuclearization. For a guy who hates fake news so much, you have a lot of it pouring out of your every orifice. 
We understand so much we dedicated our lives to making them. You don’t start a considered inquiry to someone you don’t know with “what were you thinking?” Why would you pretend like that’s okay? This isn’t rocket science. 
Stephen Miller really showed that waiter by throwing that sushi away. Anytime someone flips me off I just take twenties out of my pocket and rip them up, right in front of him, to teach him a lesson about manners. 
Really love it. 
Yes, love it. 
That end of first act action sequence is one of the all time greats. 
Some things I'm currently loving - Succession on (thanks Catastrophe on (sorry I just started watching Korean film The Yellow Sea (Na Hong-jin is great) Wild Storm Vols 1 &amp; 2 (wow, And Doomsday Clock from DC (👍, 
I think it’s super cute that the President tells us to put America first but then hires foreign workers at his golf club… 
Funny how many of Putin’s critics are murdered. And how murdering your critics like Putin and Kim Jong-un do seems to be a prerequisite for Trump’s praise. 
👆this. 
Can I have a sandwich instead of either? 
What, is the locker room where Trumpies LARP? People can say any heinous thing and it’s all role play? I’ve been in a lot of locker rooms, I don’t magically become some other person when I walk through the doors. #JimJordanMustResign 
He admitted he knew, Sherlock. 
After (and the orange oaf) says the 7 young men who were victims of sexual abuse were LIARS when saying he was aware of abuse, he changes his story to, “Oh yeah, I knew, but they said it in a locker room” - WHICH IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY SAID, you corrupt piece of shit. 
Sitting there and typing when you’d rather be doing something else. 
Unfortunately this needs to be said. I hate how this keeps happening to not only me, but amazing people like 
Yeah, my original tweets weren't even about some Star Wars fans. They were specifically about any people who are cruel to creators just doing their best. But, for some weird reason, a small subsection of Star Wars fans has taken that as a personal attack. 
Reminder: here's what the so-called 'Witch Hunt' has found so far 
Hillary Clinton testified to the House Benghazi Committee in public for 11 hours and won’t even sit wit… 
I hear you, man. 
