I’ll be chatting with in about an hour. I hope he’s ready for the story about the 45-pound scrotal tumor. It’s… 
Chicago! Tickets go on pre-sale tomorrow at noon! Password is: ROGAN 
One Minute #BREAKDOWN: w/ The Shell Game of BRUTALITY! #HeaKick #KO #BINK!!! From #KSW47 this weekend, 
A new study shows that even 80-year-olds can grow new neurons in the hippocampus region of the brain, but this process… 
An anaconda measuring more than 50 FEET (15m) was registered in the Xingu River, Brazil. 
Chicago! Pre-sale tickets are available this Wednesday! 
now has JRE pop sockets. (Adorable case created by my daughter not included) 
I just uploaded “JRE #1271 - Billy Corben” to #Vimeo: 
I just uploaded “JRE #1270 - Lenny Clarke” to #Vimeo: 
About to go live with director of one of my all time favorite documentaries, “Cocaine Cowboys” to talk about his new film, “screwball” Watch live at 
About to go live with the great and powerful 
Glyphosate is routinely used on wheat, corn, and soy as a weed killer—and could carry serious consequences for your healt… 
Meghan McCain responds to #Trump #meghanmccain #TheView 
San Diego! 4/20 is less than a month away! Tickets available at 
Dad mode: activated 
Whole Lee Shit! Congrats to That was INSANE. 
Thank you! You’re very talented! 
Really looking forward to being in the studio with later this week, to talk about BLUEPRINT: The Evolutionary O… 
*listens to one joe rogan podcast* via 
Adorable. Thanks, Allison! 
Austin, we’re here. #BillHicks 
Meanwhile in Russia...the 'male slapping championships' took place in Krasnoyarsk. The winner, Vasiliy Kamotskiy (left… 
My longtime and hilarious friend has a comedy special out right now! It’s on amazon, iTunes, google play and more! 
Dave Attell Is Our Greatest Club Comic (Says the Writer He Made Fun Of) 
San Diego! 4/20 is almost upon us! and me are bringing it! Tickets at 
If you ever need inspiration, has got you covered! #Repost with rep0stapp • • • • • • • Never allow the fear of being judged make you not try to be… 
A civilization can not function this way. 
If you think / 12 Rules for Life explains the New Zealand massacre you've lost your mind. If you think… 
My friend talks about war correspondence and suffering from PTSD with my friend 
Everyone, I am sorry for doing this. I am so, so sorry. 
Sam Harris Endorses Eddie Bravo For President via 
I just uploaded “JRE #1269 - Bryan Callen” to #Vimeo: 
My man is too high so he’s exercising. #killthedemon 
#Repost with rep0stapp • • • • • • • Tomorrow! “Complicated Apes” will be available! 🦍🦍🦍 * ITunes * Google Play * Vimeo (Australia) * Youtube * Amazon Prime * &amp;… 
We’re getting hailed on in LA! is in pain! We’re about to do a podcast. Tune in live at 
#10p4L 
Friday and Sat I tape my 4th stand up special in DC. We just released some single tickets. Come see why I just had to… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1268 - Ron White” to #Vimeo: 
I just uploaded “JRE #1267 - Gary Taubes &amp; Stephan Guyenet” to #Vimeo: 
About to go live with one of the baddest motherfuckers in comedy, my brother ronwhiteofficial 
I enjoy every minute of my time with this awesome and silly dog! Plus I know he needs the exercise, so it forces me to get these trail runs in! I’ve had a lot of cool dogs, but… 
The skeptics keep saying it can't be so. The evidence keeps refuting them. But there's more: 12,800 years ago humanity… 
Think about this when you read about all these assholes that are trying to get the voting age moved to 16. 
BBC News - People don't become 'adults' until their 30s, say scientists 
I just uploaded “JRE MMA Show #59 with Kamaru Usman” to #Vimeo: 
Marijuana is the fastest-growing industry in the US job market, according to a new report - 
Some Humans Can Sense Earth’s Magnetic Field, Fascinating Experiment Suggests via 
I just uploaded “JRE #1266 - Ben Anderson” to #Vimeo: 
The champ is here! Going live with 
This Tuesday and Thursday I’m at with some great comics! 
I’m at this Tuesday and Thursday with some great comics 
Man Possessed by Gay Demon on Live TV (Original) via 
Yo Texas get your tickets now! Me and are coming to 
Why women live longer than men. 
Why women live longer than men. 
Why women live longer than men. 
Some of you are confused why I give support to people I largely disagree with. I’m against most blacklists. My family… 
When I was sixteen me and my friends murdered a guy and then took turns having sex with the corpse! 
The UFC held its 11th event in London, England yesterday. There were many inconsistencies with the judging that we're going… 
8-year-old homeless refugee crowned chess champion in New York 
Travel music for the trip to tonight provided the great and powerful and runthejewels! Time to get fired up! 
My pleasure, brother. I really appreciate you taking the time to educate us. 
These are the kind of text messages you get when you’re friends with bad motherfuckers like One of many amazing benefits I’ve gotten from doing the podcast is to get to… 
A beautiful run in nature with the happiest dog in the world, marshallmaerogan. The wildflowers are in bloom, and it’s amazing feeling the positive effect on your mood when you see them.… 
Time-restricted eating, a ketogenic diet, and exercise improved cognitive function and markers of metabolism including… 
THE TIDE HAS OFFICIALLY TURNED MOTHER FUCKERS. PC IS DEAD. BUCKLE UP FOR THE GREATEST COMEDY REVOLUTION IN HISTORY. LETS… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1265 - Andrew Schulz” to #Vimeo: 
Is Jorge Masvidal one of your guys yet? Because maybe he should be. 
Seniors who consumed around 150g of cooked mushrooms weekly performed better on neuropsychological tests and had a 50%… 
About to go live with the great and powerful 
The Godfather of comedy, Richard Pryor mugshot for the studio by 
LOL re-creates smoking weed on the JRE podcast in his new #NumbNumbJuice music video. That’s iconic… 
#elonmusk #caitlynjenner #kyliejenner #kendalljenner 
I had a great time talking to Timothy Denevi about all things Hunter S. Thompson today. 
San Diego! Celebrate 4/20 with and me! 
I just uploaded “JRE #1264 - Timothy Denevi” to #Vimeo: 
New video on how poor sleep impairs glucose regulation! Sleep restriction to 4h of sleep for two nights reduced glucose… 
Good lord Joey Diaz was on FIRE last night at If you’re a fan of savage comedy you owe it to yourself to get out and see him live at the store. He’s in rare form! He… 
Incredible Remastered HD Footage Of The First-Ever Nuclear Bomb Test via 
I just uploaded “JRE #1263 - Renée DiResta” to #Vimeo: 
When I referred to an Internet Research Agency page that called itself “Black Guns Matter” on today, I didn’t clari… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1262 - Pat McNamara” to #Vimeo: 
San Diego! April 20 I’m in your town with and Tix at 
I’m about to get schooled on Russian bots and troll farms with Renee DiResta 
Atlanta! I’m there April 12! Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 12pm .com 
Going live with super bad ass 
An honor for me to go on ⁦@joerogan⁩’s podcast today, speaking about #vaccines #autism and poverty-related neglected diseas… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1261 - Peter Hotez” to #Vimeo: 
Ice Samples Reveal a Massive Sun Storm Hit Earth in Ancient Times...And It Could Happen Again via 
About to go live with Dr. Peter Hotez, Professor and Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine Baylor College of Medicine. We’re going to talk about tropical diseases, vaccines… 
The ocean is another world and cuttlefish are aliens. #Repost octonation with rep0stapp • • • • • • • Rate this camouflage from 1-10! ⁣Cuttlefish have the highest DPI of any… 
Many of you know the brilliant Dr. Walker from his visit on podcast or his amazing and *highly* recommended… 
Breakfast perfection. Venison and eggs with some extra kick provided by hot sauce! 
If this is what the future looks like, we're not complaining 
If you only have sex with people you find attractive, you might want to ask yourself why you’re such a superficial bigo… 
I don’t know who needs to see this but you’re welcome 
Zebra drowning a rival males young 
Flashback Friday to 17 years ago getting manhandled by jeanjacquesmachado on the cover of Grappling magazine. I started training with Jean Jacques 21 years ago. 
Beautiful afternoon run in nature with my sweet buddy marshallmaerogan! Thank you to for providing the tunes! I love all his work and this new album is excellent. 
Hahahaha! Please tell him I said happy birthday! 
Carbon-capture machines are needed to solve climate change. This man came up with the idea. 
One Minute #BREAKDOWN: This Turning Side Kick #KO by is a Work of #Art!!! Pls tag a friend who digs #k… 
The trailer for our new documentary ‘Screwball’ just dropped! Coming to theaters March 29th via 
This is the same company that made the gi I’m wearing in my post with jeanjacquesmachado and Super high quality hemp gear and clothing from a company run by very cool… 
Morning training with the master jeanjacquesmachado and my brother Russell is a legit blue belt! I’m very proud of him and impressed with his development! We’re trading… 
Tonight was really fun. The power went out st the improv and we decided to do the show with no microphones. Next door still had power so they jury rigged some lights and we all did our… 
When marshallmaerogan sees Bohemian Rhapsody. 
I just uploaded “JRE #1260 - Lennox Lewis &amp; Russell Peters” to #Vimeo: 
About to go live with my brother and the great and powerful mrlennoxlewis 
This guy rebuilt a Tesla in his driveway. Pretty damn impressive 
.@joerogan it was me. I need this. 
This is the funniest shit on the internet. It’s also been removed by Instagram. Thank you for keeping this up! 
I just uploaded “JRE #1259 - David Wallace-Wells” to #Vimeo: 
Stop whatever the fuck you’re doing right now and go watch video on Michael Jackson. Kyle is a fucking superhero. Funniest dude on Instagram by far. 
Going live with David Wallace-Wells to talk about the impending eco-apocalypse 😜 Watch live: 
Momentum is a powerful thing that's on Israel Adesanya's side heading into #UFC236. More from 
Arizona! I'm coming to Phoenix and Tempe this weekend. Tickets at Florida next week for Miami and… 
MIT keeps pushing over this little robot for "tests" and one day, it will rise up against humans in retaliation... we just know i… 
OTD 1985 A certain Mike Tyson made his professional debut against Hector Mercedes stopping him in the opening round. h… 
"It's your turn. It ain't his turn. It's your time." #UFC235 The Thrill and the Agony | 🎥 
Male anti-masturbation apparatus, late 19th century. Many medical practitioners during this period believed that masturb… 
BIG NEWS regarding the future of History on Fire! See the pic for info. If you'd like to keep following my work on Luminary,… 
How cool is Here's what was said in the aftermath of #UFC235... 
The dates &amp; evidence of exposure to wildfires link this to the Younger Dryas comet impacts that devastated North Ameri… 
Today at noon on the podcast let’s freak out about the future of our environment together. Marijuana is optional. David Wallace-Wells joins me to discuss his book. You can watch live at… 
This small token of appreciation is my humble tribute to Brody Stevens, in return for all the hours of joy he gave me.… 
.@Jack Let's watch point being proven in real time on shall we? #JoeRoganExperie… 
Black Mirror here we come! U.S. Army Assures Public That Robot Tank System Adheres to AI Murder Policy via 
Butt Implants Linked to Rare Cancer in First Reported Case via 
Thor is angry. 
There were shows tonight at dedicated to and signs at It still doesn’t feel real. I’ve been in this weird, frustrated state of denial… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1258 - Jack Dorsey, Vijaya Gadde &amp; Tim Pool” to #Vimeo: 
About to go live with jack and vijaya to discuss twitter and censorship. Rejoice and watch live 
#OnThisDay in 2016, the rivalry was ignited! and battled for the first time in an ABSOLUTE WAR! htt… 
LA! I'm at this tuesday and thursday with a bunch of funny fucking savages 
I just uploaded “JRE MMA Show #58 with Brendan Schaub” to #Vimeo: 
I just uploaded “JRE #1257 - Steve Sweeney” to #Vimeo: 
Mysterious 'Planet Nine' Is Probably 5 to 10 Times the Size of Earth via 
JRE 3pm pst TODAY 
About to go live with one of the best stand up comics of all time, the great Steve Sweeney! 
At 3pm today my brother and I will recap this past weekend’s amazing UFC card. Rejoice! 
Joining me today at noon on the podcast, Boston stand up comedy legend Steve Sweeney! 
One Minute #BREAKDOWN: w/ The Draw-Catch-#BINK!!! Somehow #FloydMayweather is both Edgy yet Fluid. Sm… 
I miss you, Brody. 
WHAT. A. CARD! DON’T SLEEP! 
The Navy SEAL 'spiritual ritual' for overcoming laziness, according to former Navy SEAL 
b/c IT’S FIGHT DAY‼️ #UFC235 goes down TONIGHT | 10pmET/7pmPT | LIVE on PPV! 
In this short episode highlight, Dr. Matt Walker (@sleepdiplomat) talks about how getting bright light throughout the d… 
Nature, you’re ruthless. Fuuuuuuuuuck... #Repost outdoorior ・・・ Parasite 🦠 Video via snagbug / natureismetal #Outdoorior 
Thank you for 2 sold out Main Room and how about that lineup in the Original Room?! #thecomedystore #andr… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1256 - David Lee Roth” to #Vimeo: 
Newest addition to the studio mugshot collection: The Godfather Of Soul. 
"They all want to make a name off me." Another challenger looks to take crown on Saturday. #UFC235 
About to go live with one of the greatest rock and roll frontmen of all time, 
The Boss is pumped!! #UFC235 goes down Saturday LIVE on PPV! Which fight are you most looking forward to? ⤵️ 
Ben Askren vs Robbie Lawler is as close to a co-promote as we’ve seen... 
I just uploaded “JRE #1255 - Alex Jones Returns!” to #Vimeo: 
the soundbite to last generations Alex Jones: "look here's the thing, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm kind of retarded" htt… 
We made up 😜 About to go live with real_alexjones 
Thanks loads to for having me on his show talking about my 18 years covering the drug war in Mexico. Great conver… 
I just uploaded “JRE #1253 - Ioan Grillo” to #Vimeo: 
I just uploaded “JRE #1254 - Dr. Phil” to #Vimeo: 
Prepare yourselves! is here! 
About to go live with journalist Ioan Grillo author of El Narco 
Liverpool! a few tickets now available for tonight and tomorrow night’s shows. 
Dear speaking as a “mainstream” archaeologist, the image you’re referring to is the sarcophagus lid of Pacal… 
THIS is the photo I was talking about on my podcast! Kept me laughing the whole tour. ⁦@BrodyismeFriend⁩ total original! Than… 
Stoked to see headline tomorrow in #LA! He crushed it on 
I just uploaded “JRE #1252 - Dave Foley &amp; Paul Greenberg” to #Vimeo: 
Russia is always taking shit to the next level! This is fucking insane. #Repost leg_locker ・・・ Team Parkour MMA... This is why I love Russians! These guys are fucking insane!!! They… 
About to go live with my long lost friend and of 
A beautiful mind cleansing run this morning with my exercise buddy, marshallmaerogan. Sending out love to you all! 
Vegas! Tickets for my July 5th show go on sale today 
IT'S FIGHT WEEK! #UFC235: vs | vs | Saturday, Mar. 2 | LIVE on PPV! 
San Diego! We’re coming in hot! 4/20 with and me! Tix 
This is a seriously powerful book. Especially potent for someone like me who talks for a living and often talks too much. There’s some amazing points and valuable lessons in it. 
#Repost tattoosbylee ・・・ The classic blue cheese vs ranch bit/ rant by the amazing Joey Diaz and , thanks for all the laughs ! Please tag these comedians and… 
#Repost ・・・ March 5th we honor Brody Stevens with proceeds going to his family and mental health awareness. Come out for a night of stand up and stories from those closet… 
Shout out to the god father of ground and pound! The original heavyweight champ ! He could use some more followers, folks. The man is a legend! 
Bang up artwork, ashlewistattoo! 
Conversely, if you're down there looking up, start warming up the crowd for me. #RIPBrodyStevens 
Brody Stevens. Some insight. RIP 
The comedy community has lost one of its funniest, kindest people today. I will miss you terribly. 
I just uploaded “JRE #1251 - Tim Dillon” to #Vimeo: 
About to go live with the wise and hilarious 
I just uploaded “JRE #1250 - Johann Hari” to #Vimeo: 
Double cute marshallmaerogan 
4/20 in San Diego! Tix available at 
Thank you to for the awesome marshallmaerogan piece! 
About to go live with johann.hari, author of “Chasing The Scream” The First And Last Days Of The War On Drugs. Watch live at 
I just uploaded “JRE #1249 - Donnell Rawlings” to #Vimeo: 
I just uploaded “JRE #1248 - Bill Ottman” to #Vimeo: 
Have no fear, is here! Rejoice! .live 
About to go live with Bill Ottman the CEO and co-founder of an open source social network. Watch live at 
I just uploaded “JRE #1247 - Andy Stumpf” to #Vimeo: 
American bad ass, Navy SEAL and world record flying suit traveler, my brother the great and powerful joins me on the podcast today 
Full Fight Companion crew this Wednesday night at and me! 10pm tickets just went on sale 
First day back running the hills with marshallmaerogan after over 6 weeks off. I’ve had a meniscus injury that I got some exosomes and PRP treatment on. No pain at all today so it looks… 
Fight Companion! and me live at 6pm PT! Rejoice! 
Thank you to joelrea for the beautiful art for the studio! 
