Last chance to get tickets for The Divided Brain #Toronto April 9 Screening + Speakers with #JordanPeterson #NormanDoidge #IainMcGilchrist 
French subtitles now available: 2017 Personality 01: Introduction 
It’s official! Pleased to announce a live stream of the 4/19 Toronto debate with Slavoj Žižek - subscribe at and be a part of the conversation as it happens. Unedited recording to be available on my usual channels mid May. Spread the word #PetersonvsZizek 
From the American Conservative on the happenings at Liberty University 
Another example of patriarchal abuse, clearly ;) 
A relevant reminder from Canada's most oil dependent economy. 
Video of my very civil and constructive informal debate in London, with &amp; 
Another Venezuelan triumph. Oil rich and energy poor. Maybe Canada can manage something similar with Trudeau's influence on the oil patch. 
1. Biological sex differences in psychology and behaviour are real. 2. Some differences between the sexes are produced… 
We often hear that renewables are growing exponentially? Let's test this. Here are the trends in growth rate of wind power… 
The faster we dispense with the economic catastrophe of the Liberals and their pathetic virtuousness the better. 
Why isn't this news worthy of true celebration? 
As opposed, say, to your leader 
Once it starts it inevitably and, I would say, uncontrollably expands... 
Allowing free play among children appears to require a courage and a wisdom we have lost 
Are hate facts still a thing? 
My week on Twitter 🎉: 7.46K Mentions, 39.1M Mention Reach, 92.5K Likes, 10.8K Retweets. See yours with 
This is good. This is how to encourage your son: 
Adam and Eve: Self-Consciousness, Evil, and Death: 
The Q &amp; A from my conversation with Sir Roger Scruton is now live on YouTube: 
At Liberty University yesterday: an account: 
Douglas Murray and my planned sojourn at Cambridge 
Our biggest fans this week: Thank you! via 
A bar we can actually eat. 
Preview clip with the wonderful for the Food Lies film! Preorder the film: Full… 
Cost of basic food items in the US. More good news: 
This is likely to make Trump virtually impenetrable to further accusations, no matter their veridicality 
Good news. Great news, really. A miracle of progress. 
Spanish subtitles now available: Conversations with John Anderson: Featuring Jordan Peterson and Dave Rubin in Sydney, February 2019 
Congratulations, Ambassador Craft. JBP. 
What explanation can there be for this? Excessive competition for attention as media sources multiply? 
Good news both for the environment and for those of us who appreciate electricity 
Read this thread. Keep it up 
Try imagining a society run by such persons. 
So now we've come to this. This article can trumpeted as a paean to left values. How absolutely despicable. 
Ideology now triumphs over science by law in Canada with regard to sex differences. Gender is deemed to have no relationship to sex, and to claim otherwise may be criminal. 
What's so terrible about a fake racially and politically motivated hate crime? 
The Paradox of Declining Female Happiness: 
Saudi censors surprise surprise 
Tragedy in a few paragraphs 
Addicted to Ideology? With Gabor Maté 
God and the Hierarchy of Authority: 
The Simon Abundance Index: 
Thoughtful comments on witch burning by Michael Shermer 
This Monday I'll share official details of a Livestream for the 4/19 Toronto debate with Slavoj Žižek - the show is sold out, but you can still see it LIVE as it happens #JordanSlavojLIVE 
Pass it. Suffer the consequences. Learn. Or not. 
About to go live at Liberty University! Watch the stream here: 
Simplistic feel good solutions to exceptionally complex problems just won't work. 
Tickets still available: 
Looking forward to speaking at today with host Join the live stream 
Corporate support invited for Boyan Slat's Ocean Clean-up, slated for full scale deployment in 2020: 
The official wizard of New Zealand (from Christchurch, I believe). Another one of 30000 photographs (apparently necessary disclaimer: this is not proof of my alliance with the NZ Wizarding community). 
Is this discriminatory? Every strand of Morgane Oger's DNA contains XY chromosomes. So Oger may be female but all her bodily cells are male. 
If you are in Toronto Tues Apr 9, join us for the documentary, The Divided Brain, followed by a talk with Dr. Iain McGilchrist, Dr. Norman Doidge, and moderator, Carolyn Abraham 
And if Whatcott refuses to, or cannot pay? Then a move from tribunal to standard court proceedings &amp; potentially more severe penalties, as noted when I objected to Bill C16. I don't care what you think of Whatcott: this sets a very bad precedent. 
If you don't think there are reasons in your life for "well-meaning" financial institutions to implement the same limitations on you then you are not thinking: 
Pollution in the pristine pre industrial past 
The accidental and inevitable comedy of intersectionality...https://t.co/LmgkjmCeNg 
Well, it certainly won't be until Trudeau is thrown out of federal office. 
Newly posted on Jordan Peterson Videos: Mr. Jamil Jivani: Triumph over adversity: 
Genesis – Chaos and Order: 
The incoherent left devours another of their own 
March Cosmopolitan weighs in on my lectures and ideas: 
There are about 100 of 2800 tickets left for my 12 Rules for Life Tour Lecture in New York at the Beacon Theatre April 17. If you want to attend, you might want to pick one up (or more, if you have someone that likes you that wants to come): 
Far better Steven Pinker's reliance on rationality and data than the cultural criticism unmoored in tradition, logic, empiricism, tradition and logical coherence offered by his detractors 
New Zealand's Whitcoulls reinstates 12 Rules for Life 
Reality vs fantasy 
But she generated a lot of divisive noise :) 
Laura Ingraham podcast 
Thank you Mr. Krause: 
Vikas Shah ThoughtEconomics interview with me is now up: 
Excuses excuses :) 
Meaning and its link to responsibility, among other topics.... 
More from the Times on the Cambridge imbroglio: 
Portuguese subtitles now available: Intro to SelfAuthoring 
Men have to speak up! With Warren Farrell 
Introduction to the Idea of God: 
Are hate crimes so rare they must be invented? And, if not, why are they? 
On Cambridge and New Zealand and T-shirts and rescindments: 
First revamped Jordan B Peterson podcast, partnered with Westwood One, featuring my co-host and daughter Mikhaila Peterson: It's a 12 Rules for Life lecture from Seattle. 
I think hate is more likely than fear. Fear makes you freeze or run. Hate fills you with the desire to eradicate and destroy 
Innocent before proven guilty; everyone entitled to a defence. Primary truths, at odds with progressive "values": 
On the SNC affair: Rex Murphy on Trudeau: 
Tickets still available: 
If you're genuinely sick and tired of the never-ending stream of pessimism that constitutes most of our public discourse: 
I just purchased this book: It's destined to cause a tremendous amount of trouble. 
My week on Twitter 🎉: 8.25K Mentions, 19.2M Mention Reach, 54.8K Likes, 7.58K Retweets. See yours with 
A damning and informative indictment of teacher's education at the University of Washington: Parents attend and beware: this is no laughing matter. The education of your children is being seriously compromised: 
Bosnian subtitles now available: Patreon Account Deletion 
A piece I regard as accurate from the Huffington Post: 
Look at who's collapsing and most deservedly so 
Our biggest fans this week: Thank you! via 
Comments? Thoughts? Did a presidency destroying investigation just end with a whimper? Am I missing something? 
Is it just me does even CNN regard this as anticlimactic? 
The end of ISIS? Seems like news. 
A sign of the times.... These large platforms are going to destroy themselves with censorship. Where do they think it will stop? 
With the clear exception of Vox Day. 
I've never encountered a writer as self satisfied by his own intelligence as this one fr 
Good news from Africa, we hope: 
The logical inconsistencies and incoherencies in the radical leftist collectivist policies continue to unfold in reality, just as they must: 
Thank you Niall, for your support I'm going ahead with a series of Exodus lectures, regardless, but I think they will be lesser because I will not have had the opportunity to consult with a diverse group of experts. 
The Globe and Mail on the Cambridge rescindment of my fellowship there: 
Because our Prime Minister clearly has the ethical integrity to make these sorts of decisions properly: Just look at SNC Lavalin: 
From Stephen Blackwood, with whom I had done some work in Cambridge... 
Apologies: Freudian slip: Vox Day. And that's a hell of a pen name. As they say, pride goeth before a fall ("Vox Dei: means voice of God: 
I believe Vox Dei considers himself alt-right. Am I wrong about this? If so, apologies... 
Google goes full social justice. You can't imbibe just a little of the doctrine, without being infected by the entire Here's document one, for the "diversity training" as of Feb 2018, Allyship 101: 
Because it needs to be said, apparently (https://t.co/febad6XOCr) here's what the Alt-Right, in its own words, thinks of my work (much as I hate to advertise the book). 
Tickets still available: 
Ken Wilber: 'Jordan Peterson and the evolution of thought' 
Gad Saad on Cambridge and its rejection of my offer to spend some time teaching, working and learning about biblical matters there: 
Here's a bit of sensible news from a university: abandonment of gender pronoun policing: 
I talked a bit to The Independent about the Cambridge Faculty of Divinity rescinding the fellowship they offered for Oct/Nov of the upcoming year (for work on a planned video series on Exodus): 
Answer to Job by Carl Jung a book from my great books list 
The Spectator opines on Cambridge University's rescindment of my fellowship invitation for this fall: 
Polish subtitles are now available: Take Aim, Even Badly 
The Interpretation of Dreams by Sigmund Freud a book from my great books list 
In today's National Post, across Canada: 
Some wisdom from Jonathan Pageau: 
The Washington Times weighs in on the Cambridge Faculty of Divinity affair: 
And another from the same source: 
From one of the faculty members at Cambridge who is pleased at the Faculty of Divinity rescindment of my planned two month fall fellowship... 
Congratulations I hope you're wildly successful. 
As I said (and so many people have so vigorously and angrily assured me): never: 
This could never happen. Right? 
Creepy professor issues warning to scholars who dare to publish in The rot in academe is not just found among st… 
Your rescindment? My response: 
A Zen Master talks about Jordan Peterson &amp; the Shadow 
And what should we make of this? With the "notify friends" detail, which is particularly troublesome, intrusive (akin, indeed, to the Chinese Social Credit system): 
Aion by Carl Jung a book from my great books list 
"The reasons for this lack of interest and employment figures range from peer pressure to a lack of role models." No, The primary reason for this, as the data show, is that women are more interested in people than things. The causes do not appear social. 
How about not censoring your creators and their supporters? Now that would be "empowering" (a detestable word, in my estimation). 
An Outline of Psychoanalysis by Sigmund Freud a book from my great books list 
Swedish subtitles now available: Biblical Series I: Introduction to the Idea of God 
A thoughtful blog about having children, responsibility and the fleeting and often misleading nature of moment to moment happiness: 
Tickets still available: 
The problem is that almost everyone genuinely has a serious problem. So once the "disability accommodation" floodgates open, compromising objective testing, there's no stopping it. And it's really not good for the students. 
March Q and A just finished up; available on my YouTube Channel, Jordan Peterson Videos, at 
Bishop Barron on what he thinks I'm up to next: 
Live for my March 2019 Q &amp; A now! Questions from my current subscribers on 
'Jordan Peterson and I', Iain McGilchrist 
On death and courage from my most recent YouTube posting with Dr Stephen Blackwood 
Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl a book from my great books list 
Genius by Hans Eysenck a book from my great books list 
My week on Twitter 🎉: 682 Mentions, 354K Mention Reach, 60.8K Likes, 3.62K Retweets, 208 Replies. See yours with 
Check out the the new Lobster Collection merchandise available at Keep an eye out for more collections to be added in the coming weeks! 
This is why the idea of objective testing was originated. Very many labour under disability of one form or another, and that cannot be eliminated. But competence, regardless, can be assessed, however imperfectly, assuming a valid target: 
An intelligent discussion of Universal Basic Income: 
Our biggest fans this week: Thank you! via 
And a critique: 
The Discovery of the Unconscious by Henri Ellenberger a book from my great books list 
Join us on Tues Apr 9 in Toronto, for the documentary, The Divided Brain, followed by a talk with Dr. Iain McGilchrist, Dr. Norman Doidge, and moderator, Carolyn Abraham. 
'Jordan Peterson, censorship and the left', with novelist Tim Lott 
We are going to face a unbearable volume of "information" -- maybe live will become all that's believable. 
More bad news for the social constructionists. If only facts mattered... Maybe they still do. Congratulations on the stability of your research 
London, England: 12 Rules for Life Tour Lecture, Wed May 8, 2019: Apollo Theatre 
Grazing as a solution to desertification and carbon sequestration: who would have possibly guessed this? 
12 Rules for Life Tour Lecture: New York, April 17, 7:30 pm Beacon Theatre. These tickets are going very quickly, so if you want to attend, please make your arrangements soon 
Trouble in virtue paradise: 
Inevitable. 
Pure narcissism. It's become either shockingly common or widely over reported. I suspect and hope it's the latter. 
Sorry about your dog, Dave. 
Racism everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere. 
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy a book from my great books list 
CBC (!) reports that the OECD is now concerned about corruption in Quebec and Ottawa 
Seniors who consumed around 150g of cooked mushrooms weekly performed better on neuropsychological tests and had a 50%… 
Instant results. 
The pathology of identity politics on the extreme right.... 
With surprise ending! 
Tell the man. 
You'd hope this would be obvious and it's quite the mystery why that's no longer true 
It's very hard to see this as anything but comical to the point of surreal: 
Apparently it's necessary to note that this was sarcasm. Twitter's just not so good with sarcasm. Or maybe I'm just not good enough at it. 
It was a joke. I forget those don't work very well on Twitter. Eric knew it, though. 
The Denial of Death by Ernest Becker a book from my great books list 
You haven't seen anything yet 
Low conscientiousness, psychologically speaking. 
Because we both oppose the most radical of leftists and have been reasonably effective in doing so. 
More ethical behavior from our virtue signaling PM... 
The rationale for the alternate platform we are making rapid progress on multiplies apace. Announcement soon. 
A call to ban well known Jewish neo-nazi gateway drug Ben Shapiro on charges of corrupting the youth. You can't make this up 
Taking out Tucker is not going to be easy but it's reassuring to watch them fail 
academic sources suggest the same... 20 to 30 points mostly because of test familiarity 
The brightest critics always have such an elegant command of the idiom. 
12 Rules for Life Tour Lecture: LONDON MAY 8: 
12 Rules for Life Lecture New York April 17: 
Think: the SAT can't be bought. At least not easily. This precisely contradicts your argument, as the SAT protects against corruption of acceptance by wealth alone. 
Your "work." 
The SAT is like democracy. Worst system, except for every other system. Could be improved with a conscientiousness measure. Everything else is far too easily gamed by money, status and connections. And prep courses don't help much, despite the sales pitch. 
Good luck. The Australians were really welcoming to me. 
Dead on. The socialists in the UK in the early twentieth century used such tests to equalize the socioeconomic playing field. Effectively. 
Because the demonizers are organized, self righteous, shameless and most inexcusably both ignorant of biology and pridefully ignorant of that fact. 
The Electric Kool Aid Acid Test by Tom Wolfe a book from my great books list 
'How to steal fire from the Gods' with Jamie Wheal 
What's the implication of recognizing something as evil? Isn't that the discovery of a moral universe? And what are the implications of that? 
I will be announcing livestream tickets for the sold out debate with Slavoj Zizek in the next few days. 
Gad Saad in The PostMillenial: 
Radiotimes recommend 12 Rules for Life Audiobook: 
